com/semanticsquare/thrillio/constants/KidFriendlyStatus.java
 com.semanticsquare.thrillio.constants.KidFriendlyStatus
com/semanticsquare/thrillio/entities/package-info.java
 com.semanticsquare.thrillio.entities.package-info
com/semanticsquare/thrillio/constants/Gender.java
 com.semanticsquare.thrillio.constants.Gender
com/semanticsqaure/thrillio/managers/package-info.java
 com.semanticsqaure.thrillio.managers.package-info
com/semanticsquare/thrillio/dao/package-info.java
 com.semanticsquare.thrillio.dao.package-info
com/semanticsquare/thrillio/constants/UserType.java
 com.semanticsquare.thrillio.constants.UserType
com/semanticsquare/thrillio/package-info.java
 com.semanticsquare.thrillio.package-info
com/semanticsquare/thrillio/dao/UserDao.java
 com.semanticsquare.thrillio.dao.UserDao
com/semanticsquare/thrillio/constants/BookGenre.java
 com.semanticsquare.thrillio.constants.BookGenre
com/semanticsquare/thrillio/constants/package-info.java
 com.semanticsquare.thrillio.constants.package-info
com/semanticsquare/thrillio/partner/Shareable.java
 com.semanticsquare.thrillio.partner.Shareable
thrillio/Main.java
 thrillio.Main
com/semanticsquare/thrillio/entities/User.java
 com.semanticsquare.thrillio.entities.User
com/semanticsquare/thrillio/partner/package-info.java
 com.semanticsquare.thrillio.partner.package-info
com/semanticsqaure/thrillio/managers/UserManager.java
 com.semanticsqaure.thrillio.managers.UserManager
com/semanticsquare/thrillio/constants/MovieGenre.java
 com.semanticsquare.thrillio.constants.MovieGenre
com/semanticsquare/thrillio/controllers/package-info.java
 com.semanticsquare.thrillio.controllers.package-info
com/semanticsquare/thrillio/DataStore.java
 com.semanticsquare.thrillio.DataStore
com/semanticsquare/thrillio/entities/Movie.java
 com.semanticsquare.thrillio.entities.Movie
com/semanticsquare/thrillio/entities/Bookmark.java
 com.semanticsquare.thrillio.entities.Bookmark
com/semanticsquare/thrillio/View.java
 com.semanticsquare.thrillio.View
com/semanticsquare/thrillio/entities/WebLink.java
 com.semanticsquare.thrillio.entities.WebLink
com/semanticsquare/thrillio/Launch.java
 com.semanticsquare.thrillio.Launch
com/semanticsquare/thrillio/dao/BookmarkDao.java
 com.semanticsquare.thrillio.dao.BookmarkDao
com/semanticsquare/thrillio/entities/UserBookmark.java
 com.semanticsquare.thrillio.entities.UserBookmark
com/semanticsquare/thrillio/entities/Book.java
 com.semanticsquare.thrillio.entities.Book
com/semanticsquare/thrillio/controllers/BookmarkController.java
 com.semanticsquare.thrillio.controllers.BookmarkController
com/semanticsqaure/thrillio/managers/BookmarkManager.java
 com.semanticsqaure.thrillio.managers.BookmarkManager
